Topic 77 - People are Happier when They're Busy
Embellishment
	I absolutely agree with the study's results. I myself have fallen into the bored and depressed mindset at my previous workplace. When I had plenty of work to do, I felt confident in myself and put my full effort into the tasks. When the busy work dried up, and all I was left to do was tiddle my fingers together to wait for the next instruction, I became depressed. It is actually one of the reasons I left my previous job. Too often, I wasted my time sitting in a desk chair waiting for something to do. A large part of the problem is that my old boss was a micromanager and did not like giving up even the smallest amount of control to let me work on things. So when I finished things, I was told to sit tight and wait.

Visualization
	I liked this video because he makes a distinction between being busy and being productive. I don't know this guy's credentials; I found this video solely to have a visual option for this topic.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EJ6_x7f0_n0


Topic 81 - The more difficult something is to achieve, the more people like it
Embellisment
	At first glance, the title made me really want to argue against the book. After actually reading the chapter, I have to agree with the narrow view the book took on "difficulty". There is a trade-off between ease of use and the reward for completing complex tasks. While it might sound like a hilarious thing to make a simple task so complicated that people cheer when it actually completes. Over time, people will consider your website technical debt and will eventually remove your system from theirs if you intentionally make something more difficult than it needs to be. People use your products to make their lives easier, and if you complicate it. They will not like you.

Visualization
	I found this short video that embellishes a bit on what the book is talking about with "cognitive dissonance theory". At the same time, other videos go into greater depth about this theory. I wanted to find a video that explained it in as little time as possible while still getting the point across.
	https://www.youtube.com/shorts/XIXrN2ZTTXM